Refactor of DataProtector Tool Documentation (#38)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: documentation/tools/dataprotector/methods/grantaccess.md

## Parameters

***protectedData (required)***

> The address of the protected data supplied by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ethereum address of the protected data supplied by the user.
```

***authorizedApp (required)***
The address of the application you wish to authorize to process the `protectedData` within a secure execution environment. You may specify either a single application or an application whitelist. To specify a whitelist, you provide the ETH address of an [iExec Whitelist Smart Contract](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/whitelist-smart-contract/tree/main). This smart contract aggregates multiple application versions. This allows you to introduce new versions of your application without needing to grant access for the `protectedData` each time you do so.

{% hint style="info" %}
You may authorize all apps to use the protected data by setting this to **0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000**

> iExec maintains a whitelist for the Web3Mail distributed application. Granting access to this whitelist allows use of your `protectedData` with all versions of the Web3Mail application, ensuring you only have to grant this access once. The ETH address for this whitelist is **0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
iExec maintains a whitelist for the Web3Mail decentralized application. Granting access to this whitelist allows use of an email `protectedData` with all versions of the Web3Mail application, ensuring you only have to grant this access once. The ETH address for this whitelist is **0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e**
{% endhint %}
```
